# CS440_CH04_Demo_Pawinski_Kristoff

I chose the GNU gen public license because I am a believer in copyleft. After reading about all the court cases regarding greedy companies trying to squeeze every last drop of cash out of something I think that copyrighting is screwing over small and independent developers and the evolution of humanity. We could be much farther along in our complexity of technology if everything was under copyleft instead of copyright. I think that copyrights have shifted the focus of developing tech to be about how much money someone can make instead of how great of a product they produce. Essentially, you've got these companies that crap out patents and copyrights all day so they can sue other people for money and ensure their greedy hands can have a monopoly on the products they produce. However, if copyrights and patents did not exist and instead were copyleft or freeware, then there would be nearly unlimited potential of these products because anybody could take the product and improve it or modify it. It's like how there are modding communities for video games like Skyrim. Sure that game was fantastic when it came out but i'd be lying if I said that putting 100 mods into it wouldn't make it way better. Copyleft is great because unlimited revisions of one piece of code could be produced that would essentially be much better for specific purposes than the original, and the original author still gets recognized as the original author. If that same piece of code had a copyright on it then only that author could make improvements to it, and only people willing to pay for it have access to it, then its potential is reduced significantly. Maybe I place too much faith in humanity to strive for improvement over greed, but I can't imagine how better off society would be if we could freely use everything in available to us to figure out the exact path to go in life. I could've been a great graphic designer if I didn't have to shell out $1000 for adobe suite a couple years back.
